2010. YEOUIDO. SEOUL
-You won't be long. right?
-Have I ever kept you waiting?
Oh. so I talked to Ju-woon.
He said he would hire you after today.
We'll talk after.
Hey.
You nervous?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. Kiyota.
He's finished.
Come on.
Well done.
Ah. here he comes.
MERCY FOR NONE
Let's go!
Jesus Christ…
This can't be happening.
You motherfuckers…
Hey.
you do know whose men those are. right?
Please…
Let me out!
Hey!
CHA
MANAGER. BONGSAN GROUP
Where is Mr. Gu?
Please. just let me talk to him
face-to-face.
Wait! Wait!
I'll even pay you double
whatever Gu Jun-mo promised you.
I'll double it!
Hey. you know
what "double" means. right? Hey!
That's funny.
That's exactly what Mr. Gu said.
word for word.
I'm with Bongsan. okay? Bongsan!
Whoa!
I can't believe it's been this long.
Hm. that's funny.
We both know you're all talk.
CHAIRMAN GU BONG-SAN. BONGSAN GROUP
CHAIRMAN LEE JU-WOON. JUWOON GROUP
You've been saying that for years.
Here. have a seat.
You heard what happened
to one of my managers?
It was Jun-mo.
That's right. my own son did it.
Now. you know
what everyone thinks of him
at the company.
It looks like my manager Cha
was messing with his business.
so Jun-mo brought in some guys
from overseas.
The idea was to get back at Cha.
obviously. but he…
let things get way out of hand.
I need you to get rid of them for me.
Send those clowns packing.
Why are you asking me
to handle your business issue?
This isn't business. This is family.
He's an idiot. but he's also my son.
It would reflect poorly on me
if I were to get involved.
Why should I be the one
to take care of this
when it has nothing to do with me?
Well. that's why I'm offering
to fix your building site problem
if you agree to do this.
I. Gu Bong-san.
am willing to take a loss on this one.
Boys. we're heading out!
Yes. sir!
I want you to handle
the situation with Gu Bong-san.
JUWOON
Sir. this is Bong-san's problem.
You shouldn't get involved.
You're right. Gi-seok.
However.
the Yeouido building is a real issue.
and he agreed to fix that for us.
NAM GI-SEOK
SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR. JUWOON
Why are you asking me to do this?
Look…
did you really mean what you said before?
I made it clear to you.
You are my successor.
So then. why would you want
to quit your job now?
Listen. Gi-seok.
This is for your benefit. You understand?
This experience will be a huge asset
when you're running the company one day.
So. I did some digging.
Gu Jun-mo's reputation at Bongsan
is worse than we thought.
Well. the fact that he had to bring
in some guys from abroad says it all.
CHEON HAE-BEOM
JUWOON
Are you feeling all right?
Yeah. why? Does it look like I'm not?
Forgive me.
You look fine. sir.
Hae-beom…
If you quit your job today.
what would you do with your life?
Sir?
Man. it feels so good
to have Cha out of my sight.
Hey. Okur.
Good job.
Mr. Gu. that's Nam Gi-seok.
Oh. that's all right. Let him in.
You have three days.
After that. I want you gone.
I'm guessing you're in trouble over there.
so you fled here.
Turns out you're not safe here either.
So you need to leave.
What the fuck?
Mr. Nam.
what's someone from Juwoon doing here?
Hey. I asked you a question.
Why'd you show up?
I'm here to carry out a request that
Chairman Gu made of Chairman Lee.
Your father cares about the numbers.
but he said he's willing to…
incur a loss
and swallow his pride for you.
GU JUN-MO
MANAGING DIRECTOR. BONGSAN
Mr. Gu. if you're gonna do something.
do it right. It's that simple.
I hope you understand
I'm telling you this to keep you safe.
Oh. so you're just trying
to look out for me. huh?
Interesting.
You speak from experience.
don't you. Mr. Nam?
Yeah. now I remember.
It was your brother. wasn't it?
So. tell me…
how's his leg doing?
What's Gi-seok doing there?
Sir?
KIM CHUN-SEOK
MANAGER. BONGSAN
You're saying Gi-seok is…
is with him right now?
Yeah. he came here to talk with him.
Ah. shit.
You guys just let him waltz in there?
What the hell were you thinking?
It was ten years ago.
and we had a situation on our hands.
Your brother had made
a real mess of things
because he didn't do things the right way.
Isn't that sad?
Kinda like me. I guess.
Anyway. my father and Chairman Lee Ju-woon
managed to clean up that mess.
They even let his brother live.
All they did was cut his Achilles tendon
just like this.
And you know what's even sadder?
That his brother is still living off
Ju-woon to this very day. poor guy.
Yeesh. this is uncomfortable.
Mr. Nam. how I do things
is none of your business.
What now?
What the…
You little punk.
Don't try me again.
Hey!
Hey. Nam Gi-seok!
You just messed up big-time! You're dead!
It's cold.
Oh. this fits.
Anything you wanna ask me?
Like what?
"What's new with you?"
You know. the usual.
"You seeing anyone?
Are you getting married soon?"
It's been six years
since we've seen each other.
And now. the chairman wants me…
to take over Juwoon after him.
Well. that's good news. Isn't it?
It's complicated. I guess I don't know.
Or I could work here with you.
I should get going.
Is everything all right?
I thought you'd never ask.
JUWOON GROUP
JW GALLERY
Hey.
Why do you keep coming back here?
Well. guess you have nowhere else to go.
Who sent you?
Go to hell. you motherfucker!
Fuck you.
Did Gu Jun-mo send you?
Or Chairman Gu?
Right. What would you know?
Just go.
Hey!
Nice suit.
Wouldn't wanna mess it up.
I got you now.
Hello?
JUWOON
I'm heartbroken.
He was a special man.
He was always like a mentor.
Sorry for your loss.
Oh…
Pay special attention to the directors.
Any new information?
Huh?
What's that?
About Nam's death.
CHOI SEONG-CHEOL
MANAGER. JUWOON
It was you guys. wasn't it?
I don't believe you.
All right. listen up.
Gi-seok and I. we were friends.
Got that? He wasn't just
someone from Juwoon. He was my friend.
That's right. he was your friend.
Though you have betrayed
your friends before. haven't you?
Bet the new kids
don't even know about you.
-That you used to be one of us.
-The police said that--
They said it was just a few kids.
Wow. Now you're just imagining things.
Nice try. but I'm on to you. Aren't I?
You should be worrying
about more important things now.
Prosecutor.
You got off work early today.
Where's Mr. Nam's funeral?
You look a little tired.
How about you just rest for the night?
Would you?
LEE JU-WOON'S ELDEST SON
LEE GEUM-SON
I'd like to go inside for a minute.
The chairman's in there right now.
Okay. so?
He doesn't want you getting involved.
It's business.
Company matters. You understand.
For you. it's just a quick moment
to pay your respects.
However. everyone else will suffer for it.
I'll talk to my father. then.
Show me the way.
Seong-cheol.
This is Mr. Nam's older brother.
Pay your respects.
Where is he?
Where's Gi-seok?
Who did this?
It was a random attack.
Some runaway kids. from what I was told.
Seong-cheol.
Are you sure that's all?
All right. What are you going to do now?
With Nam Gi-seok gone.
you'll need to find a new successor.
So quit being stubborn.
and give your own son a fair chance.
It actually works out better for you now
if you wanna back him.
Oh really? How's that?
Do you really think it's a good thing
that Gi-seok got murdered?
Hang on. I didn't mean it like that.
I understand how close you were--
Gi-seok deserved a lot better
than to die like that.
JUWOON
Gi-jun.
What are you doing here?
You told me to live like I was dead.
I'm not sure that I can do that today.
I apologize.
Right. Well. I guess I understand.
given the situation.
Of course. That's ridiculous.
You should be at your brother's funeral.
We made a pact together. 11 years ago.
Of course. I remember.
You promised you'd never
show your face to us again.
That wasn't all.
There was one other thing.
I swore that I would
keep your brother out of harm's way.
Now. I did what you asked.
But the two of you didn't hold up
your end.
-Gi-jun.
-Is that it?
Is there anything else you wanna tell me?
What?
About his death.
Then I'll leave you be now.
Gi-jun.
Gi-jun!
Wait! Gi-jun!
Are you leaving already?
Huh.
Glad we're finally meeting.
I worked under your brother.
Cheon Hae-beom at your service.
Uh. don't worry.
I'll watch over him now.
CAMPING BUSINESS
GOING CAMPING
TO: NAM GI-JUN
CHEONGSIN CAMPING PARK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. GI-JUN
FROM GI-SEOK
Hey. I'm sorry.
He's a suspect in a criminal case.
I can't let the victim's family
see him right now.
I just need a minute alone.
Uh. that's… that's against our rules.
I'm really sorry.
You heard him.
I understand why you're here.
but we're still investigating.
We're not really sure
if he's even the one. you know?
I get it. I still wanna talk to him.
What does it matter
if you talk to him or not?
And like he said. it's against the rules.
And we can't just make an exception now.
You're not even his family or friend.
You're the victim's family.
You can see him when the trial begins.
Just wait.
Guess life's easier for you
now that you're just a detective.
What?
When did you start playing by the rules?
I know you.
In here.
What the hell?
What were you doing there that night?
Do you know me?
They said you were smoking there.
What else?
Why were you really there?
Who do you think you are.
showing up here
and spouting all this shit?
Who the hell are you?
I'm asking you
who sent you all after my brother?
Oh.
So you're his family.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
Is that what you were after. motherfucker?
Oh. you wanna know why?
He gave me that exact same fucking look
you're giving me right now.
That's why I killed him.
First. I'm gonna track down your friends.
Everyone who was with you that night.
Shouldn't be too difficult.
After that…
I'll track down your family.
Hey. hey. wait.
Just please. do me a favor.
When you finally see my parents.
those motherfuckers.
I want you to hurt them for me.
Wait. actually…
just kill them all.
'Cause those assholes
ran out on me and my brother.
So do it. They deserve to die.
I see.
So you have a brother too.
Bus number 476 will be arriving shortly.
Keep going. keep going!
To the right. To the right. to the right.
Oh shit. Yo. Sang-yeon.
Your first time here?
Take any seat.
Are you kidding me? Seriously? I had it.
-To the right. The right. Go.
-I'm coming. Min-su.
Go!
I told you. dickhead.
-Hey!
-Time to go. guys!
-Got good instincts. I'll give you that.
-Get out. all of you!
Get outta here. assholes!
Hey. Yu-cheol. You're a really good actor!
Hey. lock the door.
Uh… I can go now. right?
-Oh. are you scared?
-Uh…
-Just watch and learn. kid.
-Can you just let me go?
-Hey.
-This kid's hilarious.
Hey. man. Heard you saw Hui-chan
and got all worked up about it.
Well. come on.
I wanna hear the shit you said to him.
Come on! Huh?
Come on. let me hear something.
This all of you?
Your little ambush didn't work.
No. I was waiting for you.
That guy's hilarious.
Who was it?
-Who gave the order?
-No one ordered us to do it.
-Look at Mr. Tough Guy over here.
-We killed him on our own.
Hey. you want us to kill you too?
Just say the word. and we'll do it.
Go ahead. just say it.
Oh shit!
Hey. don't push me! I'll get him!
Fucker!
You're fucking dead!
Wait! I'm sorry.
-Hey. hey. hey! Hey. you go!
-Jesus Christ!
Go! Fucking go!
What do we do? What do we do?
I don't know!
Wait. get the door open.
The door! Hurry up! Open it!
Hey. we have no idea who put us up to it.
We really don't. right? Huh?
You're the one who wanted to!
-Right. he's the one responsible!
-What? No. it was Jeong Hui-chan!
Sir. it really wasn't us. I swear.
P-- Please believe me. all right?
Please. sir.
Please! Please don't…
MERCY FOR NONE
Come on. we need to go.
We have to go right now.
Come on. let's go! Come on!
Go. all of you!
Come on. hurry! Move!
-Come on. let's go!
-Come on!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today